Next is gdp Japan's gdp is the second to third place in the world we have kept since 1968
I retreated to
The Cabinet Office said that the growth rate of the gross domestic product of Japan in Japan for the past year is 3.9% positive
Announced positive growth for the first time in three years
Last year's gdp in Japan was $ 474.2 billion in five towns
It is China that exceeded this
China's gdp is $ 87806 billion in chief
We were able to take the second place in the world
Chinese money gaining momentum in a highly economic town
Chinese people who visit Japan are more and more willing to buy, but recently this is a surprising place
It also appears
It is an antique shop in Tokyo Bunkyo Ward
Vigorous consumption of China has also extends here sitting Tei
Dance or can
Da' by the government is not a new
It is Naoto Someya of representative
Referred to as Chinese customers have been rapidly increasing recently
I guess
When the Masu gifts Gurabe
After all it is several times China
Well then, that kind of thing or the custom of watching that old art was originally attached
The former economy of the child is getting better and better and you can buy it back
I guess there is something that comes with power
Antique skilled in the art from China on this day visited the
How to make pottery and how it was made
Carefully confirmed
Over a period of 3 hours you want to Ja' After reviewing this skilled in the art will purchase approximately 500,000 yen cache
Did
Not included
It only made to the level
I am from China
It is hope with such a loss that it is enough to be Dai Nippon Hitomi
One 120 million people in just the rich from the middle of the night, for example, 120 million people is by spring
I still bake it, you're a teacher
There was
Accidental reproduction
This is the auction for the first product opened by this store for suppliers
Approximately 140 people, including buyers from China, participated
is
5 people seems to have'm hurt
Ne 70 500
Takun
It is the book of the days of Ming that attracted the most attention on this day
me
Virgin h
20 million yen a year ago
Bright
More and more to the Tsuriaga' to go directly below
Hmm
5 minutes from the start
No w
Salvation and minutes
Initially medium in a sandbox
It's about defy
It is what mastitis 300 I
voodoo please
The price of two is 93 million yen
Chinese skilled in the art was dropped neat
Has attracted actively antiques out to auction trying to capture the gun of the Chinese people to be increased in the shop
I will
A man living in Tokyo was sleeping at home for many years
I brought in a bowl
4 days
After all it should be different than putting in the carbon that I thought was valuable
It was appraised that the vertical axis is the work of a famous painter of the era of decline
From prenatal to morning
I was surprised this
Yes it's just amazing
So I wonder what to do after this
I think we are, such as it can be said that does not say a little in one eye
Chinese money gaining momentum with significant economic growth
Someya is the same phenomenon that Japanese bought Ukiyo-e and pottery all over the world at the time of the bubble
I think that it is happening in China now and will heat more in the future
The original Ana
What is not only the purpose of appreciation but also that
So-called speculative money is coming in. If you buy it with this book and have several sides, it will be redeemed
There are also many who think whether it will surely double and triple
The chasing industry is also saved, but on the contrary the Chinese of the house
So thanks to the money
It is an auction I introduced, but it means that it is held once a month and is always successful
Japan has many Chinese antiques that Japanese collectors once obtained
There are also some vendors planning tours for Chinese buyers at